docs: add comprehensive attestation monitoring guide for lodestar validators (#8479)
ChainSafe/lodestar: docs/pages/run/validator-management/monitoring-attestation.md

| `no_aggregate_inclusion` | You submitted but it was never seen in aggregates | **HIGH** - Network/aggregation issues |
| `aggregate_inclusion_but_missed` | Seen in aggregates but not included in any blocks | **MEDIUM** - Block proposer issues |

### Advanced Diagnostic Labels
| Label | Description | Investigation Focus |
|-------|-------------|-------------------|
| `unexpected_timely_target_without_summary` | Attestation appeared on-chain despite not being submitted to your beacon node | Check for multiple beacon node conflicts |
| `wrong_target_timely_source` | Correct source but wrong target (happens on first slot of epoch) | Check your head block import timing |
| `unexpected_*` | Bad beacon node states preventing proper diagnosis | Check overall beacon node health |

## Debugging Unsatisfactory Attestation Performance

If it happens that your attestation performance isn't meeting the requirements, follow this systematic approach to know the issue:

### Step 1: Identify The Patterns in Your Performance
Start by checking your recent attestation summary logs:

```bash

> grep "attestation_summary" /path/to/lodestar/logs | tail -100

Reviewer: `attestation_summary` is not something that's logged in debug. I think what you're looking for is `Previous epoch attestation` which summarizes whether or not your previous epoch attestation was timely and if not, what was wrong.

Author: Ok, thanks for the correction, ill work on that, aside that , what other thing should i workon

```

> Look for repeatitive patterns - are you getting the same type of failures always? This helps identify the source of the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look for repetitive patterns - are you getting the same type of negative `summary`? This helps identify the source of why attestations are missed/late.
```

### Step 2: Verify Network Connectivity  
Ensure your node is keeping healthy peer connections:

```bash
# Check peer connections

> grep "peer.*connect" /path/to/lodestar/logs | tail -20

Reviewer: Hmm there might be better ways to check this. See our APIs.

Author: Hmmm, ill look out for that, what do you think about it generally tho ?

Reviewer: The more depth the better. Having a bunch of logs either doesn't really explain anything. Please reduce the use of AI for documentation like this and actually run the commands you put into documentation.
